# How it works and How I made it

  The first aspect of the project worth discussing is the arduino component. The circuit was first tested on a solderless breadboard. The circuit is quite simple, as it is just four buttons along with four 10kOhm resistors connected to an Arudino MKR1010. The buttons are coded to function as toggle switches rather than momentary switches. Thus, when you click a button once, it turns it on, and when you click it again, it turns off. The code is made without delays in order to detect each button push. Three buttons are made to turn on and off, and the final button is designed to work as a reset button. This button sets all the other buttons as "off". Arduino constantly records the state of the buttons and sends them via UDP to a server. The server recieves bytes, either zero or ones, which indicate which buttons are off or on respectively. The server then decides if the button is on or off and relays the message to the client code, which is the script of the web browser. the client recieves a message of the button which is turned on. Depending on which button is pushed, a function is then called which opens a tab that dsplays a livestream from a raspberry pi (RPI). The tab is only opened if a flag revelas that the tab is closed. Similarly, the tab is only closed if the flag shows that the tab is closed. The tab is closed if a function is called which shows that all the buttons are off. This occurs if the user clicks the reset button, which is also called the exit button. This resets all values of the button to zero. Thus, is this was clicked, in the client code, a function is called which closes all tabs displaying the livestream and takes us back to the main web page. The HTML code is designed such that 4 CSS buttons are displayed, each has a certain color and location written on it. For example, one button would have "dining hall" written on it and it might be yellow. On the circuit board, there would be a yellow button correcponsing to the one diplayed in the broswer. The user can click this yellow button so that a tab will open displaying a livestream video of the dining hall. The tab can then be closed by pressing a red "exit button". Therefore, on the HTML code, these buttons are diplayed along with basic instructions which says what will happen when you press each button. There is also a note that says each time you open a new tab, you should press the exit button to come back to the main page again. The HTML code also adds in a photo of the NYUAD camopus in the background just for aesthetic purposes. 
  
 One aspect which required a lot of work is setting up the RPI webcams. Quite a bit of research had to be done to figure out how to do this to get the best result for my project given by supplies. Certain packages had to be installed on the RPI in order to use the webcams and retreive video data. Certain lines of code had be changed in the configuration code in order to be able to live stream the video on a web browser which is run by a server on the RPI. Once this was accomplished, the RPI's had to be connected to batteries and placed in their respective locations around campus. The cameras were mounted using tape and blue tack to slighlty adjust the angle of the camera. Another hardware aspect of the project which had to be fabricated is the remote control device. After being tested on the solderless breadboard, the circuit was built on a solderable breadboard. The Arduino MKR1010 was connected to a battery so that the circuit could be placed into a case and closed up as opposed to being connected to the computer for power. The case was designed to leave only the buttons exposed to the exterior. Everything else, including the battery, was enclosed in the case. The case was cut using the laser printer and is made of acrylic material. Finally, once the remote control device was working and looked aesthetically pleasing, the case was sealed. The last aspect of the project involved projecting the contents of the webpage onto a table, which was accomplished with help. 
