# Challenges During Development

   
    I ran into quite a few problems while this project was being developed, from each aspec of the project, including ideation, circuit building, code writing, and fabriacation of hardware. Firstly, with the development of the concept, I was note sure how and where I wanted the content of the webpage to be projected. I had some ideas to face the webcameras from a low elevation facing upwards. Thus, I wanted to have the projection to be on the ceiling so that the perpective of the viewer matches the perspective of the webcam. However, this was not doable because of the design of the ceiling in the exhibition room. Thus, I finally decided to have the webcams face downwards while making the projection on the table. 
    
    The second aspect of obtacles was setting up the webcameras and raspberrypi's. There wwere many tutorials avaiable online to accomplish this, but the struggle was figuring out which gave me the best result to my needs based ona result of trial and error. There were tutorials for various version of RPI's, webcams, and different functions. Once I managed to find one that worked, however, it was easy to install the same packages on all my other RPI's. The coding of the project began with writing the arduino code and managing to make the buttons function as toggle switched without having to use a delay (which impacts the ability for the arduino to respond well to pushes). The struggle came with learning how to implement millis function to acomplish this as well as developing logic in the code which would allow the switched to be tunred on by a click, and subsequently turned off by another click. The next aspect of the code is the server. Not many challenges were faced here and it simply sends the data to the client. With the client code, there was a struggle of learning how to implement code which could open and close new tabs, and to only open a tab once while the button was "on". Since the button is continuously "on" as a switch, the code has to have logic to ensure that a tab is open only when the tab is closed, and the try to close the tab once when the tab is open. The next aspect of the code, the html code, did not indclue any challenges. It was simply a process of playing with different tags until the webpage diplayed the content to according to my desires. 
    
    The final aspect of the project which was a challenge was physcially installing the webcams around the locations on campus, while figuring out a way to ensure that they stayed connected to the network. Also, the cameras constantly had to be turned on in a way. This is a slight challenge that I could not get around to resolving. Suring the showcase, I had to ssh into the RPI's every 10 minutes or so, to turn the cameras on, because sometimes some of them would by default turn off. I still have not figured out why this is occuring nor have I have a resolution. Figuring this out would definitly improve the user experience of my project along with its efficiency in displaying the livestream easily and without delay.
